[benchmark] Log the output of the script (#3527)
mui-org/material-ui-x: benchmark/browser/README.md

# Browser benchmark

This project is used when running the following command:

```sh
yarn browser
```

> It is suppose to give developers comparable values between running different scenarios inside the browser, that can be find the `./scenarios` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is supposed to give developers comparable values between running different scenarios inside the browser, that can be found in the `./scenarios` folder.
```
